I overheard a conversation
between Duke Yuan and the consort in the Imperial Garden.
Rest assured, I have already made arrangements.
Princess Loulan will be the scapegoat.
Loulan will surely incite public outrage.
Even if they don't fight, they'll still cause a stir.
When the chaos starts, you can add fuel to the fire in his harem.
I don't believe I won't find an opportunity.
That’s how things are.
It’s a pity that I was the only one present at the time.
If Your Majesty doesn’t believe it, I do.
This concerns the consort.
Your Majesty, shouldn’t you investigate further?
No need to investigate further.
I know best what kind of person the consort is.
She’s capable of such things.
Her reaction seems to indicate she was prepared.
Then why was she still killed in her previous life?
Could she have also been reborn?
What does Your Majesty plan to do with them?
After all, we don’t have substantial evidence.
To prove she didn’t conspire?
Who says there’s no evidence?
I was only hesitant to scare the Empress Dowager before.
Now that the Empress Dowager’s birthday banquet is over,
we should properly settle accounts with them.
Oh my God.
This Emperor must really be reborn.
Why has Consort Zhao’s rank dropped?
In that case, appoint Su Xiu as the Consort Rong.
Reside in Changchun Palace.
Some things I can’t explain to you,
but remember
I am only playing a part
with the consort.
You’re right, you’re right.
This dog Emperor is definitely reborn.